# Corner Crack at a Countersunk Hole
This dataset involves corner cracks originating at a countersunk hole in a plate. FEM results were obtained from the Center for Aircraft Structural Life Extension (CAStLE) at the U.S. Air Force Academy, using hp-version finite element meshes tailored for high accuracy. Tension, bending, and bearing/pin loading conditions were applied independently which resulted in three distanct SIF scenarios ($K-T$, $K-B$, and $K-P$) based on the loading condition. The datasets contain four types of countersunk holes, each defined by a different slant start depth. This depth is captured by the non-dimensional parameter $b/t$, where $b$ is the vertical distance from the front of the plate to the start of the countersink, and $t$ is the total thickness of the plate.

1. **Quarter-Elliptical Corner Crack:** In this configuration, the two ends of the crack front are at the front of the plate and at the cylindrical section of the hole, forming a quarter-elliptical shape. The finite element models generate 114,442; 127,884; 85,360; and 72,275 unique plate and crack geometries (train + test) for $b/t = 0.75$, $0.5$, $0.25$, and $0.05$, respectively. Dataset for $b/t = 0.75$, $0.5$, $0.25$, and $0.05$, are stored in files named ***CORNER_CRACK_CS1_QUARTER_ELLIPSE_$TRAIN/TEST$.csv***, ***CORNER_CRACK_CS2_QUARTER_ELLIPSE_$TRAIN/TEST$.csv***, ***CORNER_CRACK_CS3_QUARTER_ELLIPSE_$TRAIN/TEST$.csv***, and ***CORNER_CRACK_CS4_QUARTER_ELLIPSE_$TRAIN/TEST$.csv***, respectively. Each simulation is characterized by the following non-dimensional parameters: $W/R$, $a/c$, $a/t$, $r/t$ where $W$ is the plate width, $R$ is the hole radius (fixed to 10 m), $a$ is the crack depth,  and $c$ is the surface length of the quarter-elliptical crack.  SIFs ($K-T$, $K-B$, and $K-P$) are computed along the crack front and represented using the parametric angle $\phi$, which tracks the position along the crack front. The values are sampled at a resolution of 0.024 radians.

2. **Through-Thickness Corner Crack:** In this configuration, the two ends of the crack front are at the front of the plate and the countersink or the back of the plate. The finite element models generate 22,417 and 84,265 distinct plate and crack geometries (train + test) for $b/t = 0.5$ and $0.05$, respectively. Dataset for $b/t = $0.5$ and $0.05$, are stored in files named ***CORNER_CRACK_CS2_THROUGH_CS_THICKNESS_$TRAIN/TEST$.csv*** and ***CORNER_CRACK_CS4_THROUGH_CS_THICKNESS_$TRAIN/TEST$.csv***, respectively. The same geometric features as above --- $W/r$, $a/c$, $a/t$, and $r/t$ --- are used to describe the configurations. The corresponding SIF values ($K-T$, $K-B$, and $K-P$) are extracted along the crack front using the angle $\phi$ at a resolution of 0.024 radians.