# Corner Crack at a Straight Hole
This dataset involves corner cracks originating at a straight shank-hole in a plate. Three distinct loading conditions were considered independently: tension ($K-T$), bending ($K-B$), and bearing/pin ($K-P$) loading. FEM simulation results were obtained from the Center for Aircraft Structural Life Extension (CAStLE) at the U.S. Air Force Academy. The meshes were specifically designed for the hp-version of the finite element method, allowing high accuracy in stress field resolution. There are two crack configurations:

1. **Quarter-Elliptical Corner Crack:** This dataset is in the files named ***CORNER_CRACK_BH_QUARTER_ELLIPSE_TRAIN.csv*** and ***CORNER_CRACK_BH_QUARTER_ELLIPSE_TEST.csv***. The two ends of the crack front are at the front of the plate and at the hole, forming a quarter-elliptical shape. The dataset comprises 28,781 simulations (train + test), each representing a unique combination of plate and crack geometries. The geometries are described by the dimensionless parameters $W/R$, $a/c$, $a/t$, and $R/t$, where $W$ is the plate width, $R$ is the hole radius (which is fixed to 10 m), $a$ is the crack depth, $c$ is the surface half-length, and $t$ is the plate thickness. SIF values ($K-T$, $K-B$, and $K-P$) along the crack front are recorded using the parametric angle $\phi$, sampled at a resolution of 0.024 radians.

2. **Through-Thickness Corner Crack:** This dataset is in the file named ***CORNER_CRACK_BH_THROUGH_THICKNESS_TRAIN.csv*** and ***CORNER_CRACK_BH_THROUGH_THICKNESS_TEST.csv***. The two ends of the crack front are at the front and the back of the plate. The dataset includes 5,426 distinct simulations (train + test), with geometries characterized by the same parameters: $W/R$, $a/c$, $a/t$, and $R/t$. SIF values ($K-T$, $K-B$, and $K-P$) are provided along the crack front as a function of the parametric angle $\phi$, with a resolution of 0.024 radians.